- ✌🏼 Hey there! My name is Ritvik Gautam, and I live in New Tampa, FL! I'm interested in technology, like AI, operating systems, etc.! I'm currently working on SupeNux, an OS made on Linux Technology.
- Here's the link to SupeNux if you want to check it out! https://www.github.com/gautamritvik/SupeNux
- **HUGE UPDATE**: SupeNux is now officially available!!! It is a Raspberry Pi distro, and it works on the SD card port on the bottom of a Raspberry Pi. It only works on the terminal as of right now, but I'm trying to make some GUI for the operating system so it can display it's first screen pointer! Go to https://github.com/gautamritvik/SupeNux/blob/main/SupeNux-Raspberry-Pi.md to get the .img file and it also has further instructions to get it on a physical SD card.
- **BIG UPDATE**: SupeNux is now officially in production! It was booted and is now working on a GUI-edited version of the Ubuntu Server Version 24.04.1 LTS. Ubuntu (SupeNux) was booted off a 3.75 GB pendrive onto a used HP Pavilion p7-1587c Desktop PC bought off Facebook Marketplace. It has a 64 GB Samsung Solid State Drive that has Windows 10 on it, a 1 TB Western Digital WD Blue Desktop Hard Drive which USED to have Windows 7 but now has Ubuntu, it has a ripped-off optical drive cover panel, and a ripped-out mechanical button. PLEASE wish me (and maybe contribute too, like helping me with some processes or questions I have, or maybe contributing after I have to source code all ready to publish on GitHub) all the best so my OS can be open to the public for everyone, including you, to see! Thank you so much!
